I want to add the following features to the project and if any of the features already exist, let me know.

1. Vote organizers should be able to add pictures of the candidates so that voters can see who they vote for.

2. When organizers are creating or adding new organization, they should be able to add members of the organization
by importing an excel file that has the following columns(Full name, email-address, telephone number, Department, Position). These fields should be required (Fullname, email-address and telephone number). After the import, the organizer should be able to preview the members and their information
in table form and can edit it when necessary before submitting it.

3. Only members added to an organization should have the right to vote once. And for that reason, members of the organization
eligible to vote should receive a special token in the email-address and telephone number as SMS, so that they can join 
the election using the election reference code and their unique token to vote once. This is to ensure that no one can give their
email to outsiders or members of the organization to cast another vote and rig it. 
so when the particular member uses the token no other member can use it to vote.

4. Election organizers should be able to select the member who are eligible to vote after they have imported the excel file or manually
typed the details of the members

5. No administration or human should have access to who is leading in any of the elections. 
Not even organizers after creating and publishing the election.


6. Election organizers should be able to choose whether they are organizing multiple election events. And if they
are organizing multiple election events, the people voting should be able to participate in all voting one after 
the other in a single page slide fashion and when they finish, the can preview their choices and then submit to cast their vote.

7. After a successful election, the members of the organization should receive email and sms notification about the results
of the election with a link to view the results.

REMOVE THESE FEATURES:
1. Remove the "Bulk candidate import feature at the create-election page.
2. Advanced setup form at the create-election page.

NOTE: If a feature described here is available and works perfectly, ignore. And if the features I have asked you
to remove can be modified into a beneficial purpose, ask for me permission to modify and explain why it could help
in a real use case.



